# Introduction
Hey yes hi hello. My name is Nathan Zhang but my closer friends like to call me Nathan Zhang for short. People say that first impressions are important. Well my name is Nathan Zhang, and I probably just made a horrible one. I really couldn’t come up with a good way to get into things and I am going to blindly guess that you, who have been tasked with going through some of these applications, may be a bit tired of them. Maybe this entire preface has been a waste of your time but hopefully, it has at given you at least a tiny, pitiful chuckle. If not, I apologize.

Unfortunately, I cannot say that my connection to IGN is the strongest of all. I am not one of the superfans who check out your posts every single day, nor am I subscribed to you simultaneously on all 15 social media platforms. Before you take that in a bad way, allow me to explain. Love can be all-consuming, and what I have for IGN is simply not that. What I do have is a good amount of respect for and what I would call a long-standing friendship with you, even if you don’t know it. I started playing video games as a child and still do to this day. I think I’ve known of IGN for about three-fourths of that duration. I don’t check your posts every day, I check in on you every now and then to make sure that you’re doing okay and to see what news you may have for me. Sometimes, you show up recommended on my YouTube front page and we casually chat for an hour or three. Other times, I come to you looking for advice on how to get through my issues like being stuck looking for glyphs in Hellblade. Babe of the Week (You thought I forgot? You dirty dog, you), Daily Fix (but not every day), your heavy influence in the world of games, always trying to tell me which ones are or aren’t worth getting instead of letting me find out on my own; you have truly been in at least the peripheral of my life for a long time now. Perhaps it would be wise of me to state that while I do not love you like crazy, I do love many of the things that you do. That is as honest of an answer I could give.

Why should I be let into Code Foo? I’m not much of a bragger so bear with me. One thing that comes to mind is that I worked with a team of other students (not to be misleading, being a student was a while ago) throughout a semester to develop an infinite runner for Android in Java. The point is less that we made a game but that I’ve seen a decently sized project through the entire software development life cycle and that I’m capable of working in a group. I will also say that excluding Code Foo, it has been a while since I last coded anything. To be clear, I finished school and have taken a break of sorts since. Code Foo isn’t just a chance to get in, it is already a chance to wipe away some of the dust that has gathered over my foundation. Perhaps some wouldn’t see past the downfall in the previous statement but in my mind, it’s not all bad. It highlights how good of an opportunity this is for me to learn, grow, and restore my skills. I know that may sound a bit one-sided but I don’t mean for it to. My point is that this isn’t just me hoping that I get in, but rather a firm belief that our goals are very much aligned. Although any applicant could say the same thing, I do still feel like it was worth explicitly stating. Thank you for taking the time to read and assess my application.
